[DOC] Update jvmoptions section (#4211)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/con-common-configuration-properties.adoc

[id='con-common-configuration-jvm-{context}']
=== `jvmOptions`

> The following Strimzi components run inside a Virtual Machine (VM):

Reviewer: I think we should mention Java to avoid any possible confusion with regular VMs.

```suggestion
The following Strimzi components run inside a Java Virtual Machine (JVM):
```

* Apache Kafka
* Apache ZooKeeper
* Apache Kafka Connect
* Apache Kafka MirrorMaker
* Strimzi Kafka Bridge

> To optimize their performance on different platforms and architectures, you configure the `jvmOptions` property in following resources:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To optimize their performance on different platforms and architectures, configure the `jvmOptions` property in the following resources:
```

* `KafkaMirrorMaker2.spec`
* `KafkaBridge.spec`

You can specify the following options in your configuration:

`-Xms`:: Minimum initial allocation heap size when the JVM starts.
`-Xmx`:: Maximum heap size.
`-XX`:: Advanced runtime options for the JVM.
`gcLoggingEnabled`:: xref:con-common-configuration-garbage-collection-{context}[Enables garbage collector logging].

> `javaSystemProperties`:: Additional system properties.

Reviewer: We should have an example for this.

@sknot-rh How are they configured? is it just the property name and value and the `-D` is appended by Strimzi?

Reviewer: I guess Standa didn't provided anything. But this is something what can be used as an example:

```yaml
    # ...
    jvmOptions:
      javaSystemProperties:
        - name: javax.net.debug
          value: ssl
    #...
```

Author: Checking w/ Stanislav

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47596553/104724986-5f5ae480-5729-11eb-9529-1a1f93039281.png)

The full schema of `jvmOptions` is described in xref:type-JvmOptions-reference[`JvmOptions` schema reference].

> NOTE: The units accepted by JVM settings such as `-Xmx` and `-Xms` are those accepted by the JDK `java` binary in the corresponding image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The units accepted by JVM settings, such as `-Xmx` and `-Xms`, are the same units accepted by the JDK `java` binary in the corresponding image.
```

> Accordingly, `1g` or `1G` means 1,073,741,824 bytes, and `Gi` is not a valid unit suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, `1g` or `1G` means 1,073,741,824 bytes, and `Gi` is not a valid unit suffix.
```

> This is in contrast to the units used for xref:con-common-configuration-resources-reference[memory requests and limits], which follow the Kubernetes convention where `1G` means 1,000,000,000 bytes, and `1Gi` means 1,073,741,824 bytes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is different from the units used for xref:con-common-configuration-resources-reference[memory requests and limits], which follow the Kubernetes convention, where `1G` means 1,000,000,000 bytes and `1Gi` means 1,073,741,824 bytes.
```

.`-Xms` and `-Xmx` options

The default values used for `-Xms` and `-Xmx` depend on whether there is a xref:con-common-configuration-resources-reference[memory request] limit configured for the container.

* If there is a memory limit, the JVM's minimum and maximum memory is set to a value corresponding to the limit.

> * If there is no memory limit, the JVM's minimum memory is set to `128M`. The JVM's maximum memory is not defined to allow the memory to grow as needed, which is ideal for single node environments in test and development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If there is no memory limit, the JVM's minimum memory is set to `128M`. The JVM's maximum memory is not defined to allow the memory to increase as needed. This is ideal for single-node environments in test and development.
```

# ...
----

> Over allocation of memory can cause unwanted latency.

Author: Changed to: _Setting the same value for initial (`-Xms`) and maximum (`-Xmx`) heap sizes avoids the JVM having to allocate memory after startup, at the cost of possibly allocating more heap than is really needed._

For Kafka and ZooKeeper pods, such allocation could cause unwanted latency.

> For Kafka Connect, avoiding over allocation may be the most important concern, especially in distributed mode where the effects of over-allocation is multiplied by the number of consumers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Kafka Connect, avoiding over allocation may be the most important concern, especially in distributed mode where the effects of over-allocation are multiplied by the number of consumers.
```

> For Kafka Connect, avoiding over allocation may be the most important concern, especially in distributed mode where the effects of over-allocation are multiplied by the number of consumers.

Reviewer 3: I've not quite sure what the sentence is trying to say.

Author: @tombentley - Maybe we can replace this paragraph with:

> Over allocation of memory can cause unwanted latency. Setting the same value for initial (`-Xms`) and maximum (`-Xmx`) heap sizes avoids the JVM having to allocate memory after startup, at the cost of possibly allocating more heap than is really needed.

Author: @tombentley - any further changes here?
